The Black Roof
The black roof is out of town
The sun shines brightly
The smoke rises silently
Come on, everyone
The black roof is out of town
Let's all get along
Hey, why are you all going there while the kids are dancing?
Don't you know that? That's a music block
It's very fun to do it this time
Shall we go?
Yeah, let's go
I'm a hajiyasu
Oh, there's a lot of people over there
That's a music block
Music hall, music block
Everyone's all over the place
They're all over the place
This bath is
You have to match the music to the music, no matter what you wash
See, I'm doing it
This is the black roof
The other side is the girl's room
The black roof is out of town
Come on, come on, come on
I see, it's fun
Huh? That old man is happy, isn't he?
Huh?
He's dancing in a mud bath
He's rubbing it with his hands
He's rubbing it lightly
It's like he's risking his life
But it's fun
What's that over there?
There's a monkey dancing with a stick
Huh?
The monkey's out of the way
I guess it's that
I'm sure he's not feeling well
That's Banto
Let's call him
Banto, please
Please
Come on, come on, let's wash your back
If you wash your face and become beautiful
That cute little girl will come to see you
Let's wash your back together
After that, after that
The red will fall
Oh, it's dirty
Oh, it's dirty, it's dirty, it's dirty
While rubbing your shoulders
If you look closely at your body
Your face is dark, dirty
And you're thin and weak
Your belly looks like a nail
You look like a Burkina Tant
Come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on
I'm sorry, my back bone is broken
Yes, my arm is broken too